---
title: Reading list 2024
type: docs
sidebar:
  open: true
---

This year, I read the following books:

### Art of Statistics, David Spiegelhalter

The book opens for me in a way that the information you bring is important.
Massive media information sometimes speculates on the statistics.

### Good with Words, Patrick Barry

A very detailed book made me think about how I communicate in writing 
and how I can improve it.

### Cloud Native Spring in Action, Thomas Vitale
This book provides a very good basis for modern development techniques. 
From this book, I get an overview of how cloud-native projects should look.

### Silo: Wool, Hugh Howey

Enjoyed this book; this book made me think about social interaction between people in
a post-apocalyptic world. One more takeaway from this book is that it is better to
have working hands and a working head—so you can think before fixing problems with your hands.

### Kotlin in Action, 2nd Edition, Sebastian Aigner, Roman Elizarov, Svetlana Isakova, and Dmitry Jemerov

Good introductory book to Kotlin, if you would like to start programming
in Kotlin. So, it is more likely a reference. So, if you need something like project-based learning,
try to find a different book. Or, create projects for each chapter yourself. 

### The Software Engineer's Guidebook, Gergely Orosz

Must-read for newcomers to the industry, a good read for seasoned developers. The guide has a lot of useful information.
Methods that you can embody in your workflow to be ready once promotion selection is on the radar.

### The Inimitable Jeeves, P.G. Woodhouse

This book motivates me to look not one step ahead, but two and see the whole picture of events. The main character
always got out of the mess by his helper, Jeeves. You need to be Jeeves for yourself to get out of trouble.